
README for Examples
===================

fractional_yields.py
--------------------

This example demonstrates the calculation of the fractional yield
functions that you are needed to create a colour solid.
The data generated by this code is used by other examples.

Demonstrates:
1) Setting up the data needed for creating colour solids
2) The relationship between

vividness_calculation.py
------------------------

This is an example of calculating the vividness of a spectrum.
We use extreme spectra as examples.

Demonstrates:
1) How to calculate the vividness of a given reflectance spectrum
2) How to create extreme spectra using the `extreme_spectrum` function
3) Some basic statistics of vividness

boundary_calculation.py
-----------------------

This demonstrates calculating a boundary spectrum.
It is very much like vividness_calculation.py except that the
boundary spectrum and colour is never accessed at the script level.

Demonstrates:
1) Calculating boundary spectra
2) Getting the colour coordinates for spectra
3) Plotting colours in a colour solid

plotting_and_exporting.py
-------------------------

This file has various examples of the plotting and exporting
functionality of the `ColourSolid` class.

Demonstrates:
1) Plotting options, such as slicing
2) Plotting different projections of the solid
3) Exporting colour solids to .OBJ format
4) Reading the geometry data from ColourSolid objects within python

data_access.py
--------------

This illustrates how to get at the colour solid geometry within python.
It introduces the following properties of the `ColorSolid`

* `points`: the coordinates of the vertices making up the solid
* `edges`: two column matrix of indices to points,
representing the edges
* `faces`: three column matrix of indices to points,
representing the faces
* `cells`: four column matrix of indices to points,
representing the cells (the 4D equivilent of faces)
* `simplices(n)`: n column matrix of indices to points,
representing any level of simplices (n=1: edges, n=2 faces, etc,
for any dimensionality)


linear_programming_solid.py
---------------------------

This shows an alternative way of getting the colour solid geometry.
It uses the linear programming method included as part of the
`ColourSolid` class to calculate boundary points in various directions.

Demonstrates:
1) A alternate different way of calculating colour solids.
2) Getting sRGB values for reflectances.

